>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, this destructuring
pattern that we've been talking about has
on the left hand side been var
declarations as we went along.
But if we've had already
declared those variables,
if I had already said,
>> Kyle Simpson: That those
variables existed,
then I could have done those assignments
without any var declarations, right?
As a matter of fact, what we're getting
at here is that the assignments aren't
inherently related to declarations,
that's just the convenience that you can
do assignment along with declaration.
The same is true of destructuring,
we could have defined these variables
first ahead of time and then done
a destructuring separate of a declaration.
So we could have said var first,
second, third, and fourth.
And then we could have just
done a destructuring without
any var statement on it.
Destructuring is actually
about the assignments,
it's not about the declaration.
>> Kyle Simpson: Of course, if we're gonna
assign them to variables that already
exist, we could also assign them
to entirely other locations.
Anything that would be
valid to assign it to,
in spec speak that's called
a valid left-hand side target.
Any place that we could assign
it to validly would be okay.
So we could have an o object here,
var o = object.
And then I could say o.first and
o.second and
o.third and o.fourth, right?
>> Kyle Simpson: I could do
the exact same thing on this side.
I could have had an o object and
I could have said o.first and
o.second and o.third and o.fourth.
>> Kyle Simpson: Of course,
it could have targeted not an object but
another array if I wanted to.
So I wouldn't have said o.first,
I would have said something like o(3).
If o was an array,
then we could have said
o[3] and o [10] and
o[42] and o[100].
And the exact same thing
would be true over here.
We could have an array and
then have these references.
>> Kyle Simpson: I suppose this would
be technically more equivalent.
>> Kyle Simpson: So in other words, array
destructuring is just the assignment part,
not the declaration part.
And anything that we could validly
assign to, it's okay to show up in
the imperative forum, it's also okay
to show up in the declarative form.
What would have happened if I had
done something like var o[3]?
>> Kyle Simpson: It's a little
bit of a trick question,
that would've been a syntax error.
That's not valid to show up on
the left-hand side of an equals, I mean,
it is valid to show up
in left-hand segment.
It's not valid to show
up in a declaration.
That's not a valid identifier
that you would declare.
So if it's not a valid thing
that you would declare,
it's also not valid to do the declaration
with your destructuring syntax.
And you see there that my
SyntaxHighlighter is telling me,
something's wrong here,
that's not syntactically valid.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
on line 11 on the right-hand side,
that would just put if there were five or
six other items into the gather syntax,
that would just put an array
with those items at index 100.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, it's not
flattening get out into the array,
it just adding that
array at that position.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
I said that we could actually put
the assignment on either side.
So in the same way that
I could say temp = data,
and then break it down,
if I wanted to have the break down.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
if I wanted to assign the o,
>> Kyle Simpson: And I wanted to have
temp, then I could say temp = this and
that equals data.
Now here's where people are gonna
often get confused is because
if this was a subset, like if I left
those out, people might get confused and
think that temp is not gonna
point at the entire array.
And I think that temp is only gonna point
at the subset that we see in the pattern.
But you have to understand that the way
assignment expressions work is that
an assignment expression, whatever it is,
if it's x equals three, the result
of the assignment expression is the entire
value that was subject to assignment.
So the result of this assignment
expression is the entire array 1, 2,
3, regardless of how much or
little of it was assigned off.
It's the whole thing that
was subject to assignment,
which is why then that temp ends up
pointing at the whole array 1, 2, 3.
I would say I more typically will put,
if I need to capture and
also destructure I will more typically
put it in this particular order.
Meaning that I put the temp there,
but there is a little caveat and
we'll see that when we
talk object destructuring,
where it can be convenient to
do it the other way around.